Worship money to big family
I'll see you later
The master is here
You all have to pay it back today this year
Master, you have to call the shots for me, right?
work
You are crazy
There's no cure.
And the emperor has been so many years
No one has dared to kill in front of me
Why are you
You may be rich, but you are just an ordinary person
Why go against the left?
Lord Zuo Xiang, please forgive me.
Raise your hand to the lord left
My father is willing to die for him
The adopted son knelt down like him
Left Direction Master Mingjian
This has nothing to do with my Li family
I want to forgive
I want I want to forgive
forgive me
I want to forgive
I have to forgive you.
Can you hear it?
Look, today is the king appearing
Can't save your life
You said it well.
No matter who comes today, you must die
Dare to be presumptuous
Today I will destroy your family